world leaders are constantly promoting
globalization claiming it has been the
reason for growth we have seen over the
past few years I would absolutely agree
finally I can agree with the mainstream
media and governments and now back to
reality since we have had essentially no
growth we can point the finger directly
at globalism for this you came here for
the truth so let me unveil that for you
today we will talk about globalization
and its failures and I want to talk
about China as well as many other topics
today looking at this this would be the
rallies the protests the gatherings all
around the world major cities and it
seems to be primarily for women against
Trump that's generally what I'm seeing
here and you even had people from Canada
arriving in DC to march I'm a little
confused about exactly what the topic is
and what their intentions are is just to
make themselves known seems to be pulled
in each way I mean if you read the signs
seems like some individuals are just
using this as an excuse to protest what
I do believe is that and then the reason
I'm mentioning this is that when people
are upset they will take to the streets
and it doesn't matter what it's for but
imagine if it was something much more
serious much more sinister much more
damaging whether this is something like
a natural disaster or economic collapse
people will definitely be on the streets
I assure you look at what happened the
streets erupting in Athens and that is a
prime example of what we could see in
major cities around the world during an
economic collapse all right let's get to
a right away trend growth world export
value okay let's take this what has
happened over attention
essentially Obama presidency here you
know looking at eight years or so and
what this also leads me to look at is a
financial crisis okay so we have the dip
here now think of this over the past
eight years ten years whatever you want
to call it look at this line drag across
and you have essentially no well nothing
nothing globally you average that out
now some countries dependent as another
some regions do better than others
within a particular country cities
together and so on but globally as a
whole country's export to each other the
import from each other and it's supposed
to make these wheels spin around but it
doesn't seem to be that way seems to be
a failure now yes you can get your cheap
Chinese goods from your local store but
it really doesn't do any good for the
economy as a whole you think you're
getting a cheaper you're saving money
and that in fact is making you more
wealthy when actually it doesn't seem to
be the case at least based on my
estimation of all this so what I would
say basically is that globalization is
not there despite what you read the
despite what they try to tell us
globalization is not there in order to
you know so you can do trade between two
countries that's my globalism globalism
is basically global governance or global
governments which is deep and gold of
course but global governance is
basically you want to have financial
security you want to have you know no
crises so what you do is you give up
your power to the IMF to the World Bank
and let them decide that way if you have
a body above all of that a supranational
entity they will be able to control
everything and they promise to make sure
that everything will be just fine but we
know that that would definitely be
terrible not the case all right look at
the strength of economic expansion
this is actually a very interesting
chart at like how they added the Obama
face and the pointing there that's
pretty funny but what you're looking at
is the cumulative real GDP growth since
the prior peak in percentage and
essentially all I'm trying to show you
is from 1948 to 2007 it basically paste
them on top of each other okay so then
look at this you can see sort of a trend
right this this area in here okay all
going relatively similar okay after each
of these recessions then compare that to
the 2007 situation I mean it's terrible
it's significantly lower than the rest
and it shows you how bad it really is
it's not doing well right now it's
really not you can show the Dow Jones at
20,000 but what does that say about the
economy nothing it doesn't say anything
about the economy sure an individual can
buy stock and then have that rise and
their assets will increase but a lot of
people don't have money to buy stocks
right so that's the problem that's where
they're not understanding economic
growth doesn't come from necessarily
these asset prices rising I mean it's
all about living standards sure your
stock in apple can go up are you making
any money from matter to get the cell to
make money from that and if they do go
up what about your housing prices have
they gone up what about bills have they
gone up I mean there's a lot of things
that are not being addressed simply by
looking at what the value of the dow
jones is at any given moment I thought
this was amazing it happens all the time
in different sectors but and I just
brought it up recently after actually
and look at this at least two major
Chinese private providers of home price
data have stopped publishing the figures
at a time when economists are split on
whether the red hot property market will
remain a driver of the economy in 2017
what our economists doing right now well
they are looking at data trying to
figure out is China heading towards
recession are they heading toward a
period of negative growth or very
lagging growth all right well they'll
look at that that of a wait a second the
data is not available oh it just so
happens to be the case one of what
happens when you have a really big
situation smog pollution they're closing
down all the businesses everybody stay
home with their air purifiers on and so
on okay you have that going on what do
they do turn off the reports for any
sort of concerns of pollution or
anything else I mean it's criminal they
do this all the time when things get bad
just turn off the reports turn off the
alerts and everything else what do you
think is the reason for this it's pretty
obvious the China index Academy a unit
of us let's define holla holdings have
stopped distributing monthly housing
price data for a hundred cities it
usually issued at the start of the month
we'll see if they do it next month I
want to know so let's keep our eye on it
definitely and I do believe that if it
does continue something is definitely
going on maybe it's just this one month
holidays I don't know there could be a
lot of excuses but let's see what
happens next month that's going to be
very very very telling for China so
let's pay attention this here is
something that regularly happens I don't
know how there hasn't been more
investigation about this but look at the
death of the Supreme Court justice
handling corruption accusations against
dozens of Brazilian politicians will not
derail the country's biggest ever graft
probe but will delay it what happened
well he was killed in a plane crash
warning warning warning whenever a plane
crash and a bald efficient are in the
same sentence you should have a light
bulb going off you should have the
warning indicators going off there
should be bells and whistles heading
everywhere
this is what happened so many times I
mean look at nigel farage surviving his
you will see that many individuals end
up high level individuals and up dying
in plane crashes I mean it's no
coincidence when it happens over and
over and over again anyway essentially
he was going through some of this big
information he says I'm going to release
it to the public I'm going to bring it
out there and then he dies in a plane
crash you never do that don't say
anything or immediately as soon as you
find the information i'll just get the
main points out there to the public so
it's out there is publicized you know if
anything happens then it would be more
obvious but here he is saying is going
to do something and then he ends up done
in plane crash they said they won't slow
anything that or it will slow things
down but it won't really cause a problem
they're still going to go ahead and
release that information I just see this
all the time with the assassinations if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up but if you prefer
this instead then you can give me a
thumbs down you can actually pause the
video and just stare at it all day long
if you found the video informative I
know you'll find my book the money GPS
even more informative so head over to
Amazon where they have a look inside
features that will allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take